Add warnings for consistency check (#8682)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `consistency-check-interval`

> **Warning:**
>

> > It is **NOT** recommended to enable consistency check in production environment, because it will affect the performance of the cluster and is not compatible with the TiDB Garbage Collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is **NOT** recommended to enable the consistency check in production environments, because it affects cluster performance and is incompatible with the garbage collection in TiDB.
```
